[IMP] l10n_my: add POS e-invoicing workflow (#16234)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/malaysia.rst

and click :guilabel:`Send To MyInvois`. In MyInvois, it appears then as a :guilabel:`Debit Note` if
issued from an invoice or a :guilabel:`Self-billed Debit Note` from a vendor bill.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow:

POS workflow
------------

Two workflows are available to issue e-invoices in the Point of Sale:

- **Individual e-invoice**: Issue an e-invoice immediately for a specific order using the
  customer's details.
- **Consolidated e-invoice**: Create orders normally, then aggregate them periodically into a
  single consolidated e-invoice.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/submit:

Send invoices to MyInvois

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual e-invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

To issue an individual e-invoice, :ref:`create an invoice <receipts-invoices/invoices>`. Ensure
the selected customer has a valid **TIN** or **Identification Number**.

.. note::
   When the MyInvois server does not instantly return the validation status, the QR code does not
   appear on the invoice. Odoo automatically fetches the status in the background. Access the
   invoice again later to retrieve the validated version.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/consolidated:

Consolidated e-invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Orders that are not e-invoiced individually can be aggregated into a consolidated e-invoice.

#. Navigate to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Orders --> Consolidated Invoice`.
#. Click :guilabel:`New` and set the :guilabel:`Date From` and :guilabel:`Date To`.
#. Click :guilabel:`Submit to MyInvois`.

Odoo automatically fetches all eligible POS orders within that timeframe that have not been

> individually invoiced nor refunded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
individually :ref:`invoiced <malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/submit>` nor :ref:`refunded 
<malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/refund>`.
```

.. note::
   Orders belonging to an **open** POS session are not included in the consolidation. Close the

>    session to include them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Orders belonging to an :ref:`open <pos/session-start>` POS session are not included in the 
   consolidation. :ref:`Close <pos/session-close>` the session to include them.
```

To submit the consolidation, click :guilabel:`Submit to MyInvois` on the form view, or select
multiple records in the list view and use the action menu. Consolidated e-invoices are issued to
the pre-configured **General Public** contact.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/refund:

Refunds
~~~~~~~

To refund a customer, :ref:`process a return <pos/refund>`.

Refunds for orders e-invoiced individually or via consolidation must be issued as e-invoices

> (Refund Notes). To do so, enable :guilabel:`Invoice` when processing the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Refund Notes). To do so, click :guilabel:`Invoice` before processing the refund.
```

and click :guilabel:`Send To MyInvois`. In MyInvois, it appears then as a :guilabel:`Debit Note` if
issued from an invoice or a :guilabel:`Self-billed Debit Note` from a vendor bill.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow:

POS workflow
------------

Two workflows are available to issue e-invoices in
:doc:`Point of Sale <../../sales/point_of_sale>`:

- :ref:`Individual e-invoice <malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/submit>`: Issue an e-invoice
  immediately for a specific order using the customer's details.
- :ref:`Consolidated e-invoice <malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/consolidated>`: Create orders as
  usual, then aggregate them periodically into a single consolidated e-invoice.

.. _malaysia/myinvois/pos_workflow/submit:

Individual e-invoice
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To issue an individual e-invoice and send it to MyInvois,
:ref:`create an invoice <receipts-invoices/invoices>`, and ensure the selected customer has a valid

> :abbr:`TIN (tax identification number)` or **Identification Number**.

Reviewer: same comment
```suggestion
To issue an individual e-invoice and send it to MyInvois, :ref:`create an invoice 
<receipts-invoices/invoices>`, and ensure the selected customer has a valid :abbr:`TIN (tax 
identification number)` or **Identification Number**.
```
